# NeurIPS_2022_Submission

Please see the demos folder for gifs of MetaCOG's inferences compared to its inputs.
The faster_rcnn_scene6.gif shows the outputs of faster_rcnn. The metacog_faster_rcnn_scene6.gif shows MetaCOG inferences about that same scene based on its inputs from faster_rcnn. Likewise for retinanet in retinanet_scene36.gif and metacog_retinanet_scene36.gif.

The "Exp 1" folder contains the code and data for the main results of Experiment 1. The code for MetaCOG is located in the "Model code" folder. Data (the images rendered in TDW along with the code for rendering them, and the results from RetinaNet, Faster_Rcnn, and DETR) are located in the "Code for rendering the dataset, and all results" folder. The outputs of the NNs can be found in the .json files. Under the subfolder, there are .csv files. Some of these csv files contain the raw data output by the MetaCOG model (for example, the online_ws.csv, online_V.csv files, etc). Other csv files contain the data in a more processed form, applying our metrics (for example, similarity2D.csv, and online_V_processed.csv). The code for processing the raw data output by MetaCOG is located in the "Analysis code" folder, under "Processing data from MetaCOG." The code for creating the figures and tables shown in the paper is located under "Final analyses and figures with processed data" folder.

The "Exp 2" folder contains the code and data for the main results of Experiment 2. The code for the Lightweight MetaCOG model is located under the "Lightweight MetaCOG model code" folder. The data produced by running the model 40000 is much to large to provide. Instead, we provide the data in a pre-processed format. Because of file size limitations, the data is split up into multiple chunks, each as a csv file, located in the csv_files folder. Last the analysis_of_processed_data.R contains the code used to generate the plots shown for Exp 2.